I don't know if it was reported wrong.
As for Chen Jingnian
He was the one who chased me for three years
He only likes the identity of the eldest lady of the Song family
It's not me, it's not you.
You are stupid
I won't believe your nonsense
believe it or not
I see
Are you jealous of my relationship with my brother?
But even if a few years brother is for my Song
The identity of the eldest lady
So what, I'm a real daughter
Wear 800,000 dress tomorrow
Went to the signing ceremony
And you fake
You can only wear takeout clothes.
Marry a brick mover
That's my business, it has nothing to do with you.
Why doesn't it matter?
I'm glad you're not doing well.
Song Mingzhu is sick
Your mother, who is sick to scold you?
I'll say it again.
I don't owe you anything.
Don't show this show in front of me all day long
If you want to be the eldest lady of the Song family, be good
Don't come out to answer people, it's disgusting
What about Brother Song Nan?
Angry
Your nose is different
All pissed
Hurry up and fix it again
Heal your brain by the way
Since you are courting death
Then I will fulfill you
Can you beat someone in broad daylight?
Hello Mr. Zhang, I will invest 10 million in your company
Get rid of Brother Song Nan immediately
What do you want to do?
Don't you like to deliver food?
I will fulfill you
I have called
Talk to the decoration company you work for
I'll treat you to fried squid
I am the chief designer of our company.
Impossible because
I, Brother Song, you have been fired.
Don't come to the company until next year